Add documents to the Synapse charm (#39)
canonical/synapse-operator: docs/tutorial/getting-started.md

# Getting Started

## What you’ll do
- Deploy the Synapse charm.
- Integrate with the PostgreSQL K8s charm.
- Expose the Synapse charm by using Traefik K8s charm.
- Create a user.
- Access your Synapse instance via Element Desktop.

Through the process, you'll verify the workload state, and log in to your
Synapse instance via Element Desktop application.

## Requirements
- Juju 3 installed.
- Juju controller and model created.

For more information about how to install Juju, see [Get started with Juju](https://juju.is/docs/olm/get-started-with-juju).

## Setting up a Tutorial Model

To manage resources effectively and to separate this tutorial's workload from
your usual work, we recommend creating a new model using the following command.

```
juju add-model synapse-tutorial
```

## Deploy the Synapse charm

> Since Synapse requires connections to PostgreSQL, you'll deploy it too:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Synapse requires connections to PostgreSQL. Deploy both charm applications.
```

### Deploy the charms:
```
juju deploy postgresql-k8s
juju deploy synapse-k8s
```

Run `juju status` to see the current status of the deployment. In the Unit

> list, you can see that Synapse is waiting:

Reviewer: ```
Run `juju status` to see the current status of the deployment. Synapse
unit should be in `waiting` status.
```

```
synapse/0*                 waiting   idle   10.1.74.70             Waiting for server name
```

Set the server name by running the following command:
```
juju config synapse server_name=tutorial-synapse.juju.local
```

Run `juju status` again to see that the message has changed:
```
synapse/0*                 waiting   idle   10.1.74.70             Waiting for database availability
```

Provide integration between Synapse and PostgreSQL:
```
juju integrate synapse postgresql-k8s
```

Run `juju status` and wait until the Application status is `Active` as the
following example:
```
App                       Version                       Status  Scale  Charm                     Channel  Rev  Address         Exposed  Message
synapse                 3.2                           active      1  synapse                              17  10.152.183.68   no
```

> The deployment finishes when the status shows "Active".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deployment is complete when the status is `Active`.
```
